c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuakskShop.UnitTest.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuakskShop.UnitTest.pdb
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuanksk.Common.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuankskShop.Data.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuankskShop.Model.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuankskShop.Service.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuankskShop.Web.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuanksk.Common.pdb
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuankskShop.Data.pdb
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuankskShop.Model.pdb
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuankskShop.Service.pdb
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\thuankskShop.Web.pdb
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\obj\Debug\thuakskShop.UnitTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\obj\Debug\thuakskShop.UnitTest.dll
c:\users\thuanksk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KSKShop\thuakskShop.UnitTest\obj\Debug\thuakskShop.UnitTest.pdb
